h1. Method of Undetermined Coefficients Project

h2. Description

This is a project which allows simple solving of linear differential equations with constant coefficients using the method of undetermined coefficients (known also as a lucky guess method). The aim is to provide object-oriented base for solving this problem, as well as a place for enhancements.

h2. Features
* Solving of differential equations up to 2nd degree is implemented.
* Solving of polynomial and exponential is available

h2. Possible enhancements
* Easy extension to higher degrees just by providing polynomial root finders of higher degrees
* Extension to include trig functions should be straightforward
* Adding localisation handling (currently user messages are in Polish, let me know if you'd like to see proper internationalisation)

h2. Used technologies and libraries
* Plain old JAVA
* Commons math Apache library (readme and license @ http://commons.apache.org/math/)
* Java Matrix Package used for solving the linear system of equations (http://math.nist.gov/javanumerics/jama/)
* Standard Widget Toolkit for UI (http://www.eclipse.org/swt/)

h2. Project structure

Project is divided into two parts:
* The source for the application
* JUnit tests project

h2. License

This software is released under a MIT license. See the full description in the LICENSE file.
Third-party libraries are under their respecitve licenses (i.e. SWT library is released under Eclipse Public License (http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html ))






